So basically what I am thinking of is that these are the step-by-step process which I am planning to follow. I will share with you the screenshot of that step-by-step process but the problem is that I need a prompt for a cloud to share.
1. The first step is nothing but the idea. I will get a particular idea so I will try to discuss with my team member that idea and we will try to come up with proper English words for the idea, including what the features are and in depth about that particular feature and also the particular thing.
2. The third step is that we will try to share that English information to the cloud and I will try to share that to create a credit-efficient manner prompt.
3. The fourth step is that I will share that prompt with you and I will enable the plan mode. I will try to tell you how to create to find some of the mistakes in that prompt so that you will find a few mistakes in that. From then what I will be doing in the next step is that I will take all the mistakes and I will try to go to the cloud. I will tell it to solve all these mistakes. I will give the PDF and I will tell it to solve all these mistakes so it will give the final output. I will try to share that output with you and you will bid.
The problem is that I need a proper prompt for me where I can share in the third step for a cloud to create a prompt which is in a very credit-efficient manner. Try to share with me a clear prompt for me where I can share for a cloud. It will be creating that prompt according to the information which I am sharing in English in a credit-efficient manner. Also my feature will be very larger. What is a feature which I am adding can be also larger. Like previously you can have a look in just one PDF. There are 25 AI tools so this 25 AI tool PDF has been broken down into seven prompts. Like this according to that there are many different things that can happen in my prompt. The feature can be smaller; the feature can be bigger, larger, and many things.
My goal is nothing but I want to save my credits and replicate when I'm building it so because of that I need to make sure to do as much as possible to save credits. Also most importantly in a thought of saving credits I don't want to lose the features which I'm looking for. This is basic information and my thought process so according to that please try to share a prompt where I can share for a cloud in the third step. Thank you.