So, basically, what is a problem which I'm facing is that... so, basically, I'm planning to, like, create an app through a plate. Okay? But the problem is that I'm planning to get a professional app. So professional app in a way, like, where I want to make it, like, similar to my competitors, like Notion, Motion AI, and also rep... other, like, productivity focused apps. Okay? So I want to make it so professional. But as as our other app... professional apps, so they have... they are using different source to create, like, they are not created with the help of our play... player. Right? So I'm creating with the help of the regular day. So the problem, I think, which I'm facing is that, basically, I don't have any person to ask, like, if there is any mistake or because if, example, it has take that, like, hundred people per state or just yearly plan, and there is lot of data of them in my... can stand the system. So my consistency system is nothing, but it is an name of my app. Okay? So, basically, hundred people tries to write all the information, journal, and do all the things. But after that, because of some reasons, the data has been gone up there. So, like, the important data of them is gone. So, basically, I am the person who will be responsible. Right? So... but I don't I don't know. I'd... basically, if you would ask for a reply, I can't able to question or or give you the reply. Right? Basically, it is not a person who has been done mistake. It is a mission. Right? So the problem which I think facing is that I don't know whether hundred percent I can rely on reply because our goal to create a big app So I'm really concerned with that. I'm... and I I don't have any other option even to create an app, but because I don't know coding, I don't have that much money to even create the app. So I'm happy to create... use it and create a app. But I want to make sure to take some safety precautions so that there won't be any mistakes at all. And there is no problem that my clients and the people who purchased faces. So I just want to solve this, so please try to help me with this. please helpe me with step by process as i dont have any expereince of cosng and i dont ahve any friends and people to help i dont even have money please help me with this